org/oneframework/drivers/IOSDriverBuilder.java
 org.oneframework.drivers.IOSDriverBuilder
org/oneframework/drivers/AndroidDriverBuilder.java
 org.oneframework.drivers.AndroidDriverBuilder
org/oneframework/enums/Platform.java
 org.oneframework.enums.Platform
org/oneframework/config/AndroidDeviceModel.java
 org.oneframework.config.AndroidDeviceModel
org/oneframework/imageCompare/DeviceViewportModel.java
 org.oneframework.imageCompare.DeviceViewportModel
org/oneframework/utils/ConfigFileManager.java
 org.oneframework.utils.ConfigFileManager
org/oneframework/utils/FileLocations.java
 org.oneframework.utils.FileLocations
org/oneframework/utils/OverriddenVariable.java
 org.oneframework.utils.OverriddenVariable
org/oneframework/config/DeviceConfig.java
 org.oneframework.config.DeviceConfig
tests/MainClass.java
 tests.MainClass
org/oneframework/appium/AppiumServer.java
 org.oneframework.appium.AppiumServer
org/oneframework/pageObjects/SignInPage.java
 org.oneframework.pageObjects.SignInPage
org/oneframework/config/IOSDeviceModel.java
 org.oneframework.config.IOSDeviceModel
org/oneframework/utils/ADBUtilities.java
 org.oneframework.utils.ADBUtilities
org/oneframework/helpers/Page.java
 org.oneframework.helpers.Page
org/oneframework/enums/PlatformType.java
 org.oneframework.enums.PlatformType
org/oneframework/allureReport/TestListener.java
 org.oneframework.allureReport.TestListener
org/oneframework/pageObjects/SignUpPage.java
 org.oneframework.pageObjects.SignUpPage
org/oneframework/enums/DeviceModel.java
 org.oneframework.enums.DeviceModel
org/oneframework/imageCompare/ImageComparator.java
 org.oneframework.imageCompare.ImageComparator
tests/HomePageTest.java
 tests.HomePageTest
org/oneframework/utils/CommandLineResponse.java
 org.oneframework.utils.CommandLineResponse
org/oneframework/runner/TestRunner.java
 org.oneframework.runner.TestRunner
org/oneframework/logger/LoggingManager.java
 org.oneframework.logger.LoggingManager
org/oneframework/utils/FileUtility.java
 org.oneframework.utils.FileUtility
org/oneframework/utils/ATDExecutor.java
 org.oneframework.utils.ATDExecutor
 org.oneframework.utils.ATDExecutor$CreateGroups
org/oneframework/pageObjects/HomePage.java
 org.oneframework.pageObjects.HomePage
org/oneframework/utils/StringUtils.java
 org.oneframework.utils.StringUtils
tests/BaseTest.java
 tests.BaseTest
org/oneframework/enums/PlatformName.java
 org.oneframework.enums.PlatformName
org/oneframework/drivers/WebDriverBuilder.java
 org.oneframework.drivers.WebDriverBuilder
org/oneframework/utils/CommandLineExecutor.java
 org.oneframework.utils.CommandLineExecutor
 org.oneframework.utils.CommandLineExecutor$1
